update doc for SPM (#6146)
pingcap/docs: sql-plan-management.md

In the example above, the dropped binding in the SESSION scope shields the corresponding binding in the GLOBAL scope. The optimizer does not add the `sm_join(t1, t2)` hint to the statement. The top node of the execution plan in the `explain` result is not fixed to MergeJoin by this hint. Instead, the top node is independently selected by the optimizer according to the cost estimation.

> **Note:**
>

> > Executing `DROP GLOBAL BINDING` drops the binding in the current tidb-server instance cache and changes the status of the corresponding row in the system table to 'deleted'. This statement will not directly delete the records in the system table, because other tidb-server instances need to read the 'deleted' status to drop the corresponding binding in their cache. For the records in these system tables with the status of 'deleted', at every 100 `bind-info-lease` (the default value is `3s`, `300s` in total) interval, the background thread triggers an operation of reclaiming and clearing to 10 bindings of `update_time` before `bind-info-lease` (to ensure that all tidb-server instances have read the 'deleted' status and updated the cache).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Executing `DROP GLOBAL BINDING` drops the binding in the current tidb-server instance cache and changes the status of the corresponding row in the system table to 'deleted'. This statement will not directly delete the records in the system table, because other tidb-server instances need to read the 'deleted' status to drop the corresponding binding in their cache. For the records in these system tables with the status of 'deleted', at every 100 `bind-info-lease` (the default value is `3s`, `300s` in total) interval, the background thread triggers an operation of reclaiming and clearing to bindings of `update_time` before 10 `bind-info-lease` (to ensure that all tidb-server instances have read the 'deleted' status and updated the cache).
```

SHOW [GLOBAL | SESSION] BINDINGS [ShowLikeOrWhere]
```

> This statement outputs the execution plan bindings at the GLOBAL or SESSION level according to the order of binding update time from late to early. The default scope is SESSION. Currently `SHOW BINDINGS` outputs eight columns, as shown below:

Reviewer: 时间有 `from new to old` 这样的说法么

Author: 时间上用 `from new to old` 似乎不太合适。 Late 是可以对应比较新的时间，early 对应比较早（老）的时间的。与 team 同学商量了下，大家觉得用 `from the latest to earliest` 合适些。

Author: fixed in https://github.com/pingcap/docs/pull/6146/commits/016dc99782ebf0008b633e63eeba80181a8300f3. Thx!

| collation | Ordering rule |
| source | The way in which a binding is created, including `manual` (created by the `create [global] binding` SQL statement), `capture` (captured automatically by TiDB), and `evolve` (evolved automatically by TiDB) |

### Troubleshoot binding

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
SELECT [SESSION] @@last_plan_from_binding;
```

> This statement uses the system variable [`last_plan_from_binding`](/system-variables.md#last_plan_from_binding-new-in-v40) to show whether the execution plan used by the last executed statement is from the execution plan of binding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This statement uses the system variable [`last_plan_from_binding`](/system-variables.md#last_plan_from_binding-new-in-v40) to show whether the execution plan used by the last executed statement is from the binding.
```

> In addition, when you use the `explain format = 'verbose'` statement to view the query plan of an SQL statement, if the SQL statement uses binding, the `explain` statement will return a warning. Under this condition, you can check the warning message to learn which binding is used in the SQL statement.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition, when you use the `explain format = 'verbose'` statement to view the query plan of a SQL statement, if the SQL statement uses binding, the `explain` statement will return a warning. In this situation, you can check the warning message to learn which binding is used in the SQL statement.
```

```sql

> -- Create a global binding.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-- Create a global binding.

```

create global binding for
    select * from t
using
    select * from t;

> -- Use explain format = 'verbose' statement to check the execution plan of SQL. Check the warning message to view the binding for query.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

-- Use the `explain format = 'verbose'` statement to check the SQL execution plan. Check the warning message to view the binding used in the query.

```

| collation | Ordering rule |
| source | The way in which a binding is created, including `manual` (created by the `create [global] binding` SQL statement), `capture` (captured automatically by TiDB), and `evolve` (evolved automatically by TiDB) |

### Troubleshoot binding

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
SELECT [SESSION] @@last_plan_from_binding;
```

This statement uses the system variable [`last_plan_from_binding`](/system-variables.md#last_plan_from_binding-new-in-v40) to show whether the execution plan used by the last executed statement is from the binding.

In addition, when you use the `explain format = 'verbose'` statement to view the query plan of a SQL statement, if the SQL statement uses binding, the `explain` statement will return a warning. In this situation, you can check the warning message to learn which binding is used in the SQL statement.

```sql
-- Create a global binding.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

The default value of `tidb_evolve_plan_baselines` is `off`.

> **Warning:**
>

> > The feature baseline evolution is an experimental feature. Unknown risks exist. It is **NOT** recommended that you use it in the production environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> + Baseline evolution is an experimental feature. Unknown risks exist. It is **NOT** recommended that you use it in the production environment.
```

> > This variable switch is forced off until it automatically evolves to be generally available. If you try to enable the feature, an error will be returned. If you have already used this feature in a production environment, disable it as soon as possible. If you find that the binding status is not as expected, contact PingCAP's technical supporters for help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This variable switch is forced off until the feature baseline evolution to be generally available. If you try to enable the feature, an error will be returned. If you have already used this feature in a production environment, disable it as soon as possible. If you find that the binding status is not as expected, contact PingCAP's technical supporters for help.
```

> > This variable switch is forced off until the feature baseline evolution to be generally available. If you try to enable the feature, an error will be returned. If you have already used this feature in a production environment, disable it as soon as possible. If you find that the binding status is not as expected, contact PingCAP's technical supporters for help.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> This variable is forcibly set to `off` until the baseline evolution feature becomes generally available (GA). If you try to enable this feature, an error is returned. If you have already used this feature in a production environment, disable it as soon as possible. If you find that the binding status is not as expected, contact PingCAP's technical support for help.
```

The default value of `tidb_evolve_plan_baselines` is `off`.

> **Warning:**
>

> > + Baseline evolution is an experimental feature. Unknown risks exist. It is **NOT** recommended that you use it in the production environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> + Baseline evolution is an experimental feature. Unknown risks might exist. It is **NOT** recommended that you use it in the production environment.
```

> > This variable is forcibly set to `off` until the baseline evolution feature becomes generally available (GA). If you try to enable this feature, an error is returned. If you have already used this feature in a production environment, disable it as soon as possible. If you find that the binding status is not as expected, contact PingCAP's technical support for help.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> + This variable is forcibly set to `off` until the baseline evolution feature becomes generally available (GA). If you try to enable this feature, an error is returned. If you have already used this feature in a production environment, disable it as soon as possible. If you find that the binding status is not as expected, contact PingCAP's technical support for help.
```
